♪ ♪
(phone chimes)
Text Michelle.
Text Michelle what?
Not you. I have a
new dictation app.
It works like a charm.
(phone chimes)
Text Michelle.
FEMALE VOICE:
Sorry. I don't understand you.
Clearly.
(phone chimes)
Text Michelle.
What do you want
to say to Michelle?
Ah.
Plummer's coming at 2:00.
(phone chimes)
"Blubber's in the canoe."
Wow, that works really well.
Do you want me to send it?
Yes.
No.
Message sent.
Give me that.
(siren whoops)
Just what I
wanted to avoid.
Not supposed
to text and drive, Sam.
Need to obey the law
once in a while.
Yeah.
(sirens wailing in distance)
(chuckling):
Okay.
The hell?
That's FBI.
WOMAN:
Agent Hanna!
Place both hands
out of the window now.
What?
Now!
Open the car door
with your right hand.
MAN:
Agent Callen,
remain in the car.
Keep your hands on the dash.
What's this about?
Step out of the vehicle.
Place both hands
behind your head.
I'm an armed federal agent.
My gun is on
the small of my back.
Walk backwards
towards me.
Stop right there.
What's this about?
On your knees.
Somebody want to tell me
what the hell is going on?
Mr. Hanna,
I'm afraid we have to cooperate.
You're under arrest
for murder.
What is that?
Durian.
King of fruit.
So hot right now.
Since when
is fruit hot?
Uh, since the Garden
of Eden.
Then it was an apple,
but fruit has evolved.
This one might be
more evolved than you.
(mock laughs)
Açaí, goji, mangosteen...
But this is at another
level completely.
This is a stimulant,
a mood enhancer
and an aphrodisiac-- what?!--
all rolled into one.
And then I put it
in my morning smoothie.
What's up?
I-I think you're gonna
need a bigger knife.
HETTY:
I understand, Madam Secretary,
but Sam Hanna is an agent
of the highest order
and I have cooperated
with you fully.
I need some
answers.
Make haste,
Madam Secretary.
Did she give you any indication
what this was about?
No. And she's not going to,
Agent Callen.
Agent Hanna's case
is running
through DOJ.
We can't interfere
in any way.
And FBI's not
allowing visitors.
Sir, what's going on?
Sam was arrested.
DEEKS: For what?
I'm not gonna just sit
around and do nothing.
That's exactly
what you're going to do.
You've been restricted
from field duty.
Gonna need
your badge.
I'll inform Michelle.
(whistles sharply)
Case on deck.
DEEKS:
Oh, you gotta be kidding me.
What is he charged with?
Murder.
What?
There is a case on deck.
Please report
to Ops.
As ordered.
Lance Corporal Kevin Bronner.
Found dead in his office
at Bremerton Naval Base.
DEEKS: Bremerton?
Wait, in Washington?
Why are we even
looking into this?
Is that a murder weapon?
Because this
looks like a suicide.
Hetty...
Ms. Jones...
Assistant
Director Granger?
He's left the building.
He's making a right on Lincoln.
Activate isolation protocol.
Yes, ma'am.
Okay. Thank you.
Let's go.
Quickly.
Commencing shadow mode.
I always wanted to say that.
DEEKS:
Wait. What's going on?
It's called
protecting our assets.
Ops is now secure.
Let's get to work.
Here's what we know.
Sam has been arrested
for the murder
of Leyla Walden, 46.
She was found dead
three days ago
in her Van Nuys
apartment.
Who is she?
NELL:
We've been
running her name
through several databases.
So far, no connection
to NCIS or Sam.
And we're still in the dark
about what the FBI has.
NELL: She's been working
at a real estate agency
for the past
six months.
Before that, various
jobs as a bookkeeper.
Okay, maybe she was
helping Sam find a place.
Sam keeps his valuables in a
fireproof safe under his floor.
And he's not letting a stranger
handle his finances.
Well, that's assuming
she's a stranger. Right?
What are you saying?
Well, I'm saying
there's gotta be a connection
and you can't possibly know
all of Sam's friends.
You know all of Kensi's friends?
Yeah, 'cause I'm the only one.
Uh, thank you
for that.
I know my partner.
Okay, so, then you probably know
where he was
when this woman was murdered.
Now he needs an alibi, huh?
Dude, I'm not attacking
his character.
I'm just saying we have
to think like the FBI.
HETTY:
Mr. Hanna
was working for us
on an old case
that needed revisiting.
He was undercover with an alias.
There was no agent covering him.
So he has no alibi.
Exactly.
Start with the crime scene.
And you?
Me?
I'm confined to my desk.
Who knew that crime
scene sanitation
Maybe you should consider
a career change.
(vacuum whirring)
And this vacuum
is awesome.
Hey, keep that thing
away from me, Ghostbuster.
Just so you know,
I'm not wearing
any clothes
underneath here.
Oh.
MAN:
It's all yours.
Hey. Watch where you
point that thing.
DEEKS:
Sorry.
KENSI:
Thank you.
(vacuum whirring)
Ow! Deeks, stop.
No sign of forced entry.
Probably knew
the attacker.
Let him in
voluntarily.
You see any blood?
No.
Oh...
No signs of a struggle, either.
I see quinoa and lentil.
Kidney beans.
Proteins.
Sounds like a vegetarian to me.
Oh!
Check it out, huh?
A durian.
So hot
right now.
I got my finger on the pulse
of hip fruit or what?
Hmm.
Wonder why a vegetarian has
a bowl full of mints
from Canter's Deli.
I also have
a calendar
from Canter's Deli.
That's a
little odd.
A sandwich for
every month?
Carnivore's dream.
So what is a vegan
doing at the home
of the world's best
pastrami sandwich?
That's a damn
good question.
We need to see if Hanna's
prints are at the crime scene.
I'm pushing the lab
for the results.
Good.
Why don't you go ahead
and leave it in park?
Who the hell are you?
This is Agent Callen,
You must be Assistant
U.S. Attorney Sullivan.
Get out
of the car.
Tell me everything
you have on Hanna.
Do not make me pull out my gun.
Well, if you did that,
I'd just take it from you.
You're never gonna get my gun.
Look, I don't think
you understand
the consequences
of your actions.
who's done more for this country
than any man I know.
Now, answer my question.
Okay.
Okay, I'll make it
easy for you.
Lab report.
Sam Hanna's DNA
was found on the victim.
Type faster.
Callen, hacking
is like sex.
You've got to get to know all
the aspects of the server:
her secrets, her fears.
HETTY:
If you believe that
hacking is like sex,
Mr. Beale,
then we need to have
a very long talk.
Type faster.
Lab report said that DNA
from skin cells
found at the scene
matched Sam's.
ERIC:
I'm in.
NELL:
FBI's case report says
a Navy watch cap
was found under Leyla's body
with Sam's
DNA on it.
ERIC:
What'd they match
the DNA to?
The FBI shouldn't
have access
to his armed forces
DNA sample.
They might have
obtained it illegally.
Either way, the sample
could have been switched.
Compare the DNA
to Sam's NCIS sample.
It says cause of death
was a broken neck.
And the FBI pulled footage
from the apartment
surveillance cameras.
Run it, please.
NELL:
Here it comes.
Fast-forward to where he exits.
Uh-huh.
ERIC:
It looks just
like Sam.
NELL:
No cap.
He left it.
He's turning his face away
to avoid the camera.
NELL:
Once the suspect
left the building,
FBI found
no trace of him on any cameras
in the surrounding area.
To escape and evade
like that is...
Not easy.
To snap a neck like that...
Takes a pro.
Okay.
On the left is the DNA
from the crime scene.
On the right is the sample
that Sam gave Hetty.
It's a perfect match.
DEEKS:
So you a corned beef
or pastrami girl?
Uh... both,
actually.
Lots of mayo.
No. No, see,
that's blasphemous.
It's mustard, rye, that's it.
Why... why would...
I can't talk to you.
I don't even know
who you are anymore.
Uh... it's a sandwich.
I can have it however I want.
DEEKS:
No, it's a religious experience.
People think that being Jewish
is about the Torah.
They're wrong.
It's about the pastrami.
So you're an expert
on Judaism now?
I've had some intimate
Jewish relationships.
Yeah, 6,000 years of religion
and you've learned what?
No mayo.
Mustard, rye, good pickle.
I know a good pickle.
I'm sure you do, honey.
Two?
No, actually.
Federal agents.
I'm Agent Blye,
and this is Detective...
Shapiro.
Detective Shapiro.
I converted.
You recognize her?
I've seen her.
Was she with anybody?
Not that I remember.
You sure?
ERIC:
Hey, guys.
Yeah, go for, uh...
for Shapiro.
I'm sending you a still
from Canter's parking lot
security cams.
Leyla was always there
with a very formidable man.
Wow, and that is
a formidable toupee.
You can't forget a guy who lives
with a cat on his head.
(sighs)
Edna, Bubbie.
Ray Turner.
I think he likes me.
He's a good guy.
Excuse me.
You get that, guys?
Right this way.
NELL:
Yeah, searching.
And... found him.
Okay, Ray Turner.
He's a former Navy SEAL
whose self-made mission is
to track down
and expose Navy SEAL imposters,
and catch it all on camera.
I've got contacts throughout
the Navy SEAL community.
So, all you frauds, cheats,
phonies, liars--
I'm coming for you.
And Turner was
looking into Sam?
What does it matter?
Sam's the real deal.
Hmm, because of his NCIS cover,
a lot of Sam's records
have been redacted.
Might have led Turner to think
Sam was hiding something.
Where's Callen?
He's at Sam's
arraignment.
DEEKS: You got an address
for Ray Turner?
On your phones.
Thank you.
Yep.
GORDON:
Well, so you can stay late,
and we can go over the case.
Yeah.
(gasps)
So sorry
about that.
You have got to be kidding me.
Missed you at the
arraignment today.
Oh, that's right.
There, uh...
there wasn't one.
The government couldn't
find Agent Hanna.
Federal jail
system's complicated.
Agent Hanna's just missing?
You must want to be arrested.
For what?
Trying to augment
my government salary
with a little honest work
here at a fine restaurant?
On the other hand,
denying an American citizen
of due process...
You are the lawyer,
but it sounds to me
like that's breaking the law.
Calm down.
Agent Hanna isn't
getting bailed out anyway.
He's a flight risk.
Sam Hanna's a flight risk?
Mmm.
You lose him
in the system long enough
to build a case against bail.
Well done.
Which lifer over at DOJ
taught you that trick, huh?
Just because your partner
is a federal agent,
doesn't mean he can get away
with murder.
He did this.
A federal agent's
a pretty big trophy.
Could be your O.J. case, huh?
GORDON:
You have got five seconds
to get out of my face,
before I arrest you
for interfering
If you want to arrest me,
you're gonna have to shoot me.
By the way, I, uh...
I recommend the lobster.
He took my gun.
Son of a bitch.
GRANGER: I already got this
covered, Agent Callen.
What are you doing here?
Waiting for you to catch up.
Let's step outside.
Bring you up to speed
on Agent Gordon.
So, the, uh, Canter's security
tape showed a gray GMC truck.
I don't see it.
(doorbell rings)
Maybe he's not home.
Well, let's check
out the back.
Wow.
That is a lot of MP5's up there.
Whoa.
I could have just
picked the lock.
Yeah, and miss this opportunity
to impress you?
You are part orangutan.
You're looking at my butt,
aren't you?
Damn right, you're
looking at my butt.
Actually, I was spotting you
in case you fell,
but, for that, now I'm not.
That's all right.
Just looking at you, butt.
I don't blame her.
It's a good butt.
Uh... this guy's got
a whole arsenal in here.
Kens?
Bubala?
All right, I'm going in.
Wow.
Little mousey
took the cheese.
Put your weapon
on the floor.
Okay.
I'm LAPD, working on
a federal investigation.
I know who you are.
As far as I'm concerned, you're
a thief breaking into my house,
which means I got
the right to shoot you.
Okay, but if you shoot me
in the back, that's murder.
Turn around.
Mmm. Why would
I do that?
Hey, where are
you going?
Cut it...
I'm not going anywhere.
I'm just...
Quit moving.
Don't shoot me
in the back,
'cause that's murder.
You don't want to do that.
What are you...
Well, that is the eternal
question, isn't it?
If you know who I am,
it's because Edna,
who has a crush on you,
by the way, tipped you off.
She has a crush on me?
Did she say that?
Why else would
she warn you?
Mutual distrust
of the government.
KENSI:
No, she's got a crush on you.
Put the gun on the floor.
Put it down.
Hands behind
your back.
Nice and easy.
I know how to dissolve bodies
with sodium hydroxide.
I could have shot you in the
back, and nobody'd ever know.
You just became
a person of interest.
Yeah, we should probably
go talk about that.
(knuckles cracking)
Could you...?
Could you
stop, please?
Gets the oxygen
flowing.
Adequate oxygen delivery
is crucial
in a confinement
scenario.
You think this
is confinement?
A ventilated room
with a salty sea breeze.
What, do you want a bunker? Huh?
Maybe a dungeon?
I'll take whatever
you throw at me.
I'd just like to have a chat.
I'd rather bury myself alive.
Seems a little excessive.
I don't talk
to people I don't trust.
And I don't trust anyone
in law enforcement.
Nothing personal.
You're a Navy SEAL.
We are the Naval Criminal
Investigative Service.
Kind of puts us on your side.
Yet you took me against my will
from my place of residence.
It's more like a fortress.
Who do you think
is coming for you?
You got a lot
of enemies, Turner?
I mean, those frauds
that you out on your Web site,
they can't take that lightly.
I'm not worried
about those guys.
If those idiots have
one thing in common, it's--
they're all a bunch of cowards.
Then why go after them at all?
Because they're fakes.
Wannabes that aren't qualified
to shine the shoes
of an authentic SEAL.
Who sabotaged
our enemies in 'Nam?
SEALs.
Who was the first
into Baghdad?
SEALs.
Who killed Osama bin Laden?
Otters?
Majority of SEAL missions
are covert.
Highly classified.
No one knows about them.
The real deal doesn't do it
for praise or recognition.
Mm-hmm, they do it
for the ladies.
Speaking of the ladies,
how do you know, uh, Leyla?
Never seen her before.
Really?
That's interesting.
Then, uh...
how do you explain... this?
Must be someone else.
Come on.
We know you were meeting her
every Tuesday
for the last six weeks.
Edna tell you that?
Oh, she might be
a little jealous.
Of Leyla?
Mmm.
Really?
Oh, you're good.
Very convincing.
But no dice.
I'm prepared to stay
here all night.
Kind of sounds
like you want to.
Endured 36 hours
of waterboarding.
36 hours?
Now who's embellishing?
Self-induced.
Okay.
Leyla's dead.
Did we mention that?
Murdered.
Now you want to tell us
why you met with her?
(knocking on the door)
Who is it?
CALLEN:
Housekeeping.
Ugh, this guy
doesn't give up.
I know who you're with in there.
Would you like me to
break down the door,
or you want to
just let me in?
We got to get
out of here.
Okay.
Okay, here I come.
Damn, where's
the car?
My shoe.
Forget it.
Wonder how the wife's
gonna feel about this.
Or, better yet, the
director of the Bureau.
Federal prosecutor in bed
with one of his agents.
Literally.
Do you think
he did it?
I don't know.
Till we know why
he met with Leyla,
we don't have a...
Granger.
I was gonna
say motive...
Give it a rest.
I made my public
declaration.
So, this was all for show?
Yeah, it's called...
Protecting your assets.
Sam.
They bailed you out.
It's amazing
how fast it happened
once they
were motivated.
Turner still not talking?
DEEKS:
He's a durian.
And, by that, he means
prickly, self-protective
and hard to crack.
I'll have a go at him.
Let's do it.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
Better I talk to him,
SEAL to SEAL.
Okay.
Sam Hanna, NCIS,
Navy SEAL.
Nice.
Did you get that on eBay?
Look, I know Don Shipley.
He does what you do--
outs fake SEALs,
but I never
heard of you.
I never heard of you.
Let's just assume
we're on the same side.
I'm a fellow SEAL,
and this morning I was arrested
for a crime I didn't commit.
Join the club.
For the murder of a woman
I've never met.
Leyla.
And yet, DNA evidence
puts me at her apartment,
a place I've never been.
Why you telling me this?
Because I can tell
you respect honesty.
You knew Leyla.
You're the only one
who can speak on her behalf.
I got to talk
to some of my contacts,
make sure you check out.
I understand.
You're free to go.
Let's follow him.
See where he goes.
You think that's his boat?
Let's find out.
It's his.
SEALs always say, "The only
easy day was yesterday."
(cell phone ringing)
It's a video call from Turner.
I knew you were trailing me
the whole time.
Well, you're
a slippery SEAL, huh?
You could've
walked around.
Where's the fun in that?
That toupee act
as a flotation device for you?
It's not a toupee.
Why does everybody
always say that?
I just have
thick hair.
Ooh, boy.
(indistinct chatter)
CALLEN:
What do you think
he's telling her?
He didn't trust us.
He's not gonna trust the FBI.
Found the trigger.
Cell phone.
So it was close.
Close enough to think that
Turner was still on the boat.
Thanks, Salazar.
They could've been
anywhere around here.
Sorry about before.
I made some calls.
Gonna pull back
the curtain,
let you work with me on this.
Work with you?
Mm-hmm?
Sam checks out now?
Oh, more than checks out.
is Sam Hanna is
who SEALs want to be
when they grow up.
See? Always liked this guy.
Now, let's start with...
Yeah, whoa. One second.
Is he all right?
Oh...
Yeah.
Not with the top secret stuff.
Of course.
So, why were you
meeting with Leyla?
Oh, Leyla's just the tip
of the iceberg, my friend.
I was looking into a guy
named Jeremy North.
Former SEAL, owns
a fancy self-defense school.
He was about to get
into private security
big-time.
Only he's not a real SEAL.
You've got potential.
Leyla was
his bookkeeper.
That's why I was meeting
with her.
We don't have any record
of him working with Leyla.
She worked off the books.
She knew everything about North.
So, North killed her?
Yeah. North had raised
seven million bucks
to start his own little
Blackwater company.
He was about to lose
the whole thing.
Not to mention go to prison.
Eric, can you...?
Look into Jeremy North?
Already on it.
So, let me get this straight.
North killed Leyla
because she was
about to out him
as a fake Navy SEAL?
Mm-hmm.
It's the same thing
he was about
to do to you.
Fellas...
a lot of people fear me.
ERIC:
Guys?
CALLEN:
What is it?
You need to see this.
You're not gonna believe it.
You're a lucky man, Agent Hanna.
Most people never
come face-to-face
with their doppelganger.
Meet Jeremy North,
also known as...
Lee Stevens.
He was a Marine when I was
an instructor down in Coronado.
The other instructors
used to make fun of us
because we looked
so much alike.
That was a long time ago.
You haven't seen him since?
Sam?
Agent Hanna?
No.
No, I haven't seen him.
ERIC:
Stevens, aka North,
has a dishonorable discharge,
a criminal record for fraud
and identity theft.
His partners at the school
are also claiming
to be ex-FBI, ex-CIA.
from an escrow account
this morning, but...
the bank denied it.
They couldn't kill Turner.
Now they're on the run.
Mm-hmm.
They need cash.
NELL:
We also have an address
for the school and an office
under Stevens's real name.
They're not at the school.
We should hit the office.
It's our best shot.
I'm not telling anybody
how to do their job.
Yes. You are.
Just a little bit.
I can help you out with that.
Change your life.
I'm good.
We'll take the office.
Kensi, Deeks,
check the school.
On it.
Agent Callen?
So, this is personal now.
You need to watch your partner.
Sam is not gonna...
For his sake.
(door closes)
Wow, Stevens is doing all
right for himself, huh?
Yeah, a place like this
costs a lot of dough.
Pamphlet.
You guys here
for Self-Defense 101?
KENSI: Yes!
I am.
I'm not.
I'm actually for the Navy SEAL
hand-to-hand combat class.
Oh! Navy Seal hand-to-hand.
Well, you know, that's
a pretty advanced course.
Well, you know,
I've got some experience.
I'd like to see you in action.
Uh...
Yeah, no,
Jeremy North--
uh, he's a real
former Navy SEAL?
Oh, yeah, he's the real deal.
He's not here today,
but you'll meet him.
Great.
All right.
Why don't I get
You can, uh, fill it out
while you watch the class.
And you...
I'll come back for you.
Show you around.
All right.
KENSI:
Perfect. Thank you.
DEEKS:
Show me a... round.
Look at that cougar
on the hunt there.
And you are a chew toy.
Mm-hmm. I'm feeling pretty
naked and vulnerable.
It's for the case.
Uh, okay, I'll find
out what I can.
But I'm definitely
not gonna...
This is for Sam.
You're gonna do
whatever you have to do
to get the information.
Oh, you think I'm that easy?
Uh... mmm.
Don't answer that.
No.
Here's your paperwork.
KENSI:
Thank you. Perfect.
So, you guys together?
Cousins.
Yes.
Actually we're cousins.
From Kentucky.
See, we came together.
We...
But we're cousins.
Actually, you know what?
We're close.
He-he's single.
No...
Really single.
Yup.
So sad. Have fun, cuz.
Hi.
Hi. I'm Heidi.
Heidi!
Yeah!
How you doing?
Good. You?
Good. Things are well.
Great. Well, why don't
I show you around?
You know, that SEALs class
can get pretty rough.
Oh, you make it sound scary.
(laughs)
Some people like it rough.
Oh! This is happening.
Uh...
Hey, G and I will
go check it out.
You stay in the car,
stand watch.
Look, I know
this might get hairy.
So, if something happens,
I just want to say
we make a great team.
Right back at you.
All right.
(high-pitched whirring)
Federal agents!
Put your hands on
your head! Don't move.
Show us your hands!
(grunts)
That's one of Stevens's guys.
He's destroying evidence.
Two to go.
Plus Stevens.
Blank California
driver's licenses.
Blank passports.
U.S. and Canada.
It's an identity-theft factory.
Which is gonna make
their getaway very easy.
Whoa!
I knew this guy was an imposter.
I had no idea it went this far.
Well, we know where
he gets his information
for all those blank I.D.'s
"Timothy Reed, 2003.
Hugh Graham, 2004."
"Sam Hanna, 2002."
I still remember when this
disappeared from my locker.
This guy's been collecting
identities for years.
So, why not DNA?
Much more valuable.
He knew how much
you looked like him.
So, he stole your watch cap.
As a "get out
of jail free" card.
I got to hand it to this guy.
He knows how to plan ahead.
All right, let me show you
where we keep the Muscle Milk.
(laughs)
(purrs)
Oh... hmm.
Oh!
(grunting)
This part of the VIP tour?
Hi. That's happening.
Uh, maybe we should...
maybe we should talk
for a second.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah, let's talk, Detective.
Sorry, what?
You don't remember me?
'Cause I sure
remember you.
Few years ago.
Drug bust.
I was a working girl back then.
Huh.
Did I arrest you?
Nah.
You told me I was too good
to be doing this.
Gave me 50 bucks.
Whew.
Always a charmer.
Well, you were right.
And look at me now.
I'm working a legit job.
Yeah, about that, um...
Are you and Jeremy close?
That's why you're here?
His real name is Lee Stevens.
He's a con man
wanted for murder.
Oh.
Yeah.
(clears throat)
(laughs)
I knew this was
too good to be true.
He wanted me
to do marketing for
his new security company.
Thought I finally got lucky.
I'm sorry.
Have, uh... have you
talked to him today?
Yeah, he...
he called this morning.
He wanted me to bring him
50 grand from the safe.
I told him I didn't want to
carry that kind of cash around,
he should come get it himself.
You still got that number
in your phone?
Yeah.
But it wasn't his cell.
It was a different number.
Um...
Here it is.
Want to help us catch him?
All you gotta do is call him.
Tell him you'll bring
the money.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay...
Kensi, you got eyes on
any of Stevens's men?
No, not yet.
Give him a call, Heidi.
(line ringing)
Hey. Hey, I'm here.
STEVENS:
You alone?
Yeah, why?
What's going on?
STEVENS:
There's a red laser
on your chest.
Don't move in. He'll kill her.
Copy that.
CALLEN:
I've got one of Stevens' men
by the fountain.
Black baseball cap.
Guys, it looks like
the laser's coming
from the second floor
of the Civic Center.
What the hell are you doing?
STEVENS:
You see David
walking towards you?
Yeah.
Yeah, we got him.
STEVENS:
Just give him the bag
and don't move
until I tell you, baby.
Just do what he says, Heidi.
I stick my neck out for you
and this is what you do to me?
STEVENS:
Stay right where you are.
Don't move in till he takes
that laser off her.
SAM:
He's not gonna take it off
until his guy's clear.
He's getting into his car.
We're going to lose him.
He's about
to pull out.
I'm not letting them get away.
Sam.
Sam, don't.
Take 'em now!
(gunshot)
(Sam grunts, Heidi screams)
Sam!
(bystanders screaming)
Federal agents!
Hands where
we can see 'em!
CALLEN:
Sam, you okay?
Sam?
I'm going for the shooter.
(grunts)
Federal agent.
You're
under arrest.
♪ ♪
Federal agent, Lee.
Long time, no see.
Sam Hanna.
You big and bad
with your badge now, huh?
My badge?
You want to give
all the credit to my badge?
You killed an innocent woman.
Framed me.
Used my name,
used my reputation.
You tried to send me to jail.
What you doing?
Let's have at it.
Come on, Navy SEAL.
Let's see
what you got.
No guns.
No badge.
Me and you.
(choking)
That was luck.
I don't want
to beat you too fast.
Come on, SEAL.
Let's go at it again.
See what you got.
I didn't even have
to make a fist.
What's wrong? You scared?
Let me help you out.
Come on, take it.
Take it.
Gotta have a deadly weapon
so I can beat you to death.
Lee...
when I stop playing with you,
things are gonna get brutal.
It's your
last shot.
Come on,
tough guy.
(sobs)
Ready for your beating?
Or you want
some more humiliation?
Come on, Sam.
Come on.
Come on what?
You're a Navy SEAL, right?
Come on, man, I never said that.
Oh, you're lying to me.
You just made
your beating worse.
(crying):
I'm so...
Are you crying?
(sobbing)
Is this a Navy SEAL crying?
I'm not a SEAL, man.
I'm sorry.
Please, don't hurt me.
Don't...
SAM:
Tell me that again.
I'm not a SEAL, man.
I'm sorry.
He crying?
Can you believe it?
You have the right
to remain silent.
(sobbing):
I'm sorry, man.
Lee, I can't read
you your rights
if you don't stop crying.
Stop it.
I'm serious.
(sobbing)
I'm really going
to hurt you.
Don't hurt me.
Put your hands
behind your back.
Lay down.
Lay down!
(Stevens sobbing)
I'm sorry! I'm not a SEAL.
TURNER:
They're all the same in the end.
Pathetic.
Can't take all
the credit on this.
I had solid backup,
covert operatives.
Backup? That's what
he's calling us?
When we're
the ones...
Let him have it, G.
We all know
who the real hero is, anyway.
You mean that rug rat
on the top of his head?
KENSI:
Guys, think that's
made of real mink?
GRANGER:
Well, I hope it had its shots.
(chuckles)
SAM:
Think he lets it run
on a hamster wheel at night?
HETTY:
I once had an entire
family of them
living under
my house.
(loud crack)
Oh!
Eureka!
Oh, I got it.
Now I got it.
What's that smell?
Deeks, what the
hell is that?
Like sour milk...
Heard of pineapple.
That smells like behind-apple.
This is probably why
it's banned in some countries.
I'm... I'm out.
Yeah, me, too.
Granger...
want to join us
for a drink?
Definitely.
HETTY:
Mr. Deeks, get rid
of that repulsive, smelly thing
or this building really will
need to be condemned.
To the burn room, Mr. Deeks.